Post-Exploitation Enumeration
First, let’s gather some basic
information about the host
such as network configuration,
hostname,
OS version,
and kernel information.
From this basic information gathering,
we learn that the host is named “Ajla”,
the IP address is 10.4.4.10,
and the version of Linux is
Ubuntu 16.04 on a 4.4 kernel.
Having collected this basic information,
we can move on to
more specific enumeration.
Since we know that the
target is running WordPress,
we should be able to find database
credentials in the configuration file.
In the WordPress config file,
we confirm that the database
server is on a different host,
we also find the active
MariaDB credentials.
To continue, we need to solidify
our foothold into the network
and create a stable pivot point.